

Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Driver Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities
==================================================================================================




 Updated 09/29/2021 01:08 PM



NVIDIA driver response to CPU speculative side channel vulnerabilities - CVE-2017-5753, CVE-2017-5715, CVE-2017-5754
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------






---




### Bulletin Summary


NVIDIA is providing an initial security update to mitigate aspects of Google Project Zero’s January 3, 2018 publication of novel information disclosure attacks that combine CPU speculative execution with known side channels.


NVIDIA's core business is GPU computing.


**We believe our GPU hardware is immune to the reported security issue. As for our driver software, we are providing updates to help mitigate the CPU security issue.**


The vulnerability has three known variants:


* **Variant 1 (CVE-2017-5753)**: CPU mitigations are provided with the security update included in this bulletin. NVIDIA expects to work together with its ecosystem partners on future updates to further strengthen mitigations for affected CPUs.
* **Variant 2 (CVE-2017-5715)**: NVIDIA’s initial analysis indicates that NVIDIA software running on affected CPUs may require further updates. NVIDIA expects to work together with its ecosystem partners on this variant.
* **Variant 3 (CVE-2017-5754)**: At this time, NVIDIA has no reason to believe that NVIDIA software is vulnerable to this variant when running on affected CPUs.


For updates and additional information, actively monitor the [NVIDIA Product Security](https://www.nvidia.com/product-security) page.


### Vulnerability Details


The following sections summarize the vulnerabilities. Descriptions are as published on [MITRE](https://cwe.mitre.org/) and risk assessments follow [CVSS](https://www.first.org/cvss/user-guide).


#### CVE-2017-5753


Computer systems with microprocessors utilizing speculative execution and branch prediction may allow unauthorized disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a side-channel analysis.


CVSS Base Score: 8.2 
CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.0/[AV:A/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:A/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N)


#### CVE-2017-5715


Computer systems with microprocessors utilizing speculative execution and indirect branch prediction may allow unauthorized disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a side-channel analysis.


CVSS Base Score: 8.2 
CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.0/[AV:A/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:A/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N)


#### CVE-2017-5754


Computer systems with microprocessors utilizing speculative execution may allow unauthorized disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a side-channel analysis of the data cache.


CVSS Base Score: 7.9 
CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.0/[AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N)


*NVIDIA’s risk assessment is based on an average of risk across a diverse set of installed systems and may not represent the true risk of your local installation. NVIDIA recommends consulting a security or IT professional to evaluate the risk of your specific configuration.*


### Updated Products


| Product | OS |
|:-------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| GeForce, Quadro, NVS Driver Software | Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris |
| Tesla Driver Software | Windows, Linux |
| GRID Driver Software | Windows, Windows Server with Hyper-V, Linux, Citrix XenServer, VMware vSphere, and Red Hat KVM |
### Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities


When available, download the updates from the [NVIDIA Driver Downloads](http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx) page.


If you are an Enterprise Service customer using NVIDIA GRID, visit the [NVIDIA Licensing Center](http://nvidia.flexnetoperations.com/) to obtain NVIDIA GRID updates.


If you are an Enterprise Service customer using DGX-1 or DGX Station, visit the [NVIDIA Enterprise Portal](https://nvid.nvidia.com/enterpriselogin) for guidance.


#### Windows


| Product | Product Series | OS | Driver Branch | Updated Version |
|:------------|:-----------------|:-------------------------------------|:----------------|------------------:|
| GeForce | All | Windows | R390 | 390.65 |
| Quadro, NVS | All | Windows | R390 | 390.65 |
| Quadro, NVS | All | Windows | R384 | 386.07 |
| Quadro, NVS | All | Windows | R375 | 377.83 |
| Tesla | All | Windows | R390 | 390.85 |
| Tesla | All | Windows | R384 | 386.07 |
| GRID | All | Windows, Windows Server with Hyper-V | R367 | 370.21 |
#### Linux


| Product | Product Series | OS | Driver Branch | Updated Version |
|:------------|:-----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------|------------------:|
| GeForce | All | Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris | R390 | 390.12 |
| GeForce | All | Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris | R384 | 384.111 |
| Quadro, NVS | All | Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris | R390 | 390.12 |
| Quadro, NVS | All | Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris | R384 | 384.111 |
| Tesla | All | Linux | R390 Linux | 390.3 |
| Tesla | All | Linux | R390 Linux Power | 390.31 |
| Tesla | All | Linux | R384 | 384.111 |
| GRID | All | Linux, Citrix XenServer, VMware vSphere, and Red Hat KVM | R367 | 367.124 |
#### Notes


* The Linux driver contains updates to maintain compatibility with recent Linux updates for this security issue.
* If you are using earlier driver branches of the affected products, upgrade to a supported driver branch that contains the update as listed in the tables for Windows and Linux.
* GeForce R384 (386.07) and R387 (388.73) Windows drivers that are available to GeForce partners also contain these updates.


### Acknowledgements


None.


### Get the Most Up to Date Product Security Information


To learn more about the vulnerability management process followed by the NVIDIA Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT), see the current list of NVIDIA security bulletins, or subscribe to security bulletin notifications, go to [NVIDIA Product Security](http://www.nvidia.com/product-security).


### Revision History


| Revision | Date | Description |
|-----------:|:------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11 | February 14, 2018 | Updated the R390 driver version for Tesla Compute on Windows and Linux, and added information about the R390 version for Linux Power |
| 10 | January 26, 2018 | Added the R390 driver version for Tesla Compute on Windows and Linux |
| 9 | January 24, 2018 | Added note about GeForce R384 and R387 Windows drivers |
| 8 | January 18, 2018 | Updated information about the R375 driver version for Quadro NVS on Windows |
| 7 | January 16, 2018 | Added information about updates for GRID |
| 6 | January 12, 2018 | Added information about R375 for Quadro NVS on Windows |
| 5 | January 10, 2018 | Added clarification that GPU hardware is not affected and that NVIDIA is updating its drivers to help mitigate the CPU security issue |
| 4 | January 9, 2018 | Added information about updated NVIDIA GRID products |
| 3 | January 9, 2018 | Added the R384 driver version for Tesla Compute on Windows and Linux |
| 2 | January 8, 2018 | Added the driver version for GeForce and Quadro, NVS on Windows |
| 1 | January 4, 2018 | Initial release |
### Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)


#### How do I know what driver version I have installed?


1. Launch Windows Device Manager.
2. Select **Display Adapters**.
3. Select the **NVIDIA GPU** node and right-click.
4. Go to the **Driver** tab.


The driver version can be deciphered as shown in the following examples: 10.18.13.6472 is 364.72 and 10.18.13.472 is 304.72


##### Disclaimer


ALL NVIDIA INFORMATION, DESIGN SPECIFICATIONS, REFERENCE BOARDS, FILES, DRAWINGS, DIAGNOSTICS, LISTS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS (TOGETHER AND SEPARATELY, “MATERIALS”) ARE BEING PROVIDED “AS IS.” NVIDIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


Information furnished is believed to be accurate and reliable. However, NVIDIA Corporation assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information or for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties that may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of NVIDIA Corporation. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. NVIDIA Corporation products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of NVIDIA Corporation.










Is this answer helpful?
-----------------------



Yes
No







Answers others found helpful
----------------------------


* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4613/related/1)
* [Security Notice: CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4609/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Jetson TX2 L4T Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4617/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Jetson TX1, Jetson TK1, and Tegra K1 L4T Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4616/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA GeForce Experience Software Security Updates for Multiple Vulnerabilities When GameStream is Enabled](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4685/related/1)








