

Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV Software Security Updates for Multiple Vulnerabilities
==========================================================================================




 Updated 09/29/2021 01:08 PM



NVIDIA SHIELD TV vulnerabilities may lead to code execution, denial of service, escalation of privileges, or information disclosure
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Go to [NVIDIA Product Security](http://www.nvidia.com/product-security/).
-------------------------------------------------------------------------






---




### Vulnerability Details


This section summarizes the potential vulnerabilities. Descriptions use [CWE™](https://cwe.mitre.org/) and risk assessments follow the [CVSS](https://www.first.org/cvss/user-guide) V3 standard.


#### CVE-2017-6290


NVIDIA Tegra TrustZone kernel contains a potential vulnerability which could enable a local malicious application to execute arbitrary code within the context of a privileged process.


CVSS V3 Base Score: 7.8 
CVSS V3 Vector: [AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C)


#### CVE-2017-6294


NVIDIA TLK TrustZone OS contains a potential vulnerability in the logging driver where the software writes data after the end or before the beginning of the intended buffer, which may lead to arbitrary code execution, denial of service, or escalation of privileges.


CVSS V3 Base Score: 8.1 
CVSS V3 Vector: [AV:P/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:L/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:L/I:H/A:H)


#### CVE-2017-6292


NVIDIA TLK TrustZone OS contains a potential vulnerability in the TA-to-TA communication handler where the software performs a calculation that can produce an integer overflow or wraparound when the logic assumes that the resulting value will always be larger than the original value, which may lead to code execution or denial of service.


CVSS V3 Base Score: 5.7 
CVSS V3 Vector: [AV:P/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:L/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:H)


SHIELD TV includes the latest AndroidTM security updates, and has applied patches up to the Android Security Patch level 2018-05-05. For more information about what is included in Android security patch levels, refer to the [Android Security Bulletins](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin).


*NVIDIA’s risk assessment is based on an average of risk across a diverse set of installed systems and may not represent the true risk of your local installation. NVIDIA recommends consulting a security or IT professional to evaluate the risk of your specific configuration. NVIDIA doesn’t know of any exploits to these issues at this time.*


### Affected Software


The following table lists supported software and their affected versions. All SHIELD TV versions prior to the versions listed in the *Affected Versions* column are also impacted by the issues in this bulletin.


| List of CVEs | Software Product | Operating System | Affected Versions |
|:------------------------------------------|:-------------------|:-------------------|:----------------------------------|
| CVE-2017-6290 CVE-2017-6292 CVE-2017-6294 | SHIELD TV | Android | SHIELD Experience 6.3 and earlier |
### Software Security Updates


The following table lists the software version containing security updates for the issues described in this bulletin. If you are using an unsupported software version or an earlier SHIELD TV version that is no longer supported, upgrade to the updated supported version listed.


Support may have expired for certain NVIDIA SHIELD TV products. Contact [NVIDIA Support](http://www.nvidia.com/object/support.html) with any questions.


Updates for SHIELD TV are available from **Settings**>**About**>**System update**.


| SHIELD TV Product Series | Android Security Patch Level | Operating System | Updated Version |
|:---------------------------|:-------------------------------|:-------------------|:------------------------------|
| All | 2018-05-05 | Android | SHIELD Experience Upgrade 7.0 |
### Mitigations


None.


### Acknowledgements


None.


### Get the Most Up to Date Product Security Information


Visit the [NVIDIA Product Security](http://www.nvidia.com/product-security/) page to


* Subscribe to security bulletin notifications
* See the current list of NVIDIA security bulletins
* Report a potential vulnerability in any NVIDIA supported product
* Learn more about the vulnerability management process followed by the NVIDIA Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT)


### Revision History


| Revision | Date | Description |
|-----------:|:-------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2.1 | September 14, 2018 | Updated the descriptions of CVE-2017-6294 and CVE-2017-6292 to refer to "potential" vulnerabilities |
| 2 | September 13, 2018 | Updated the description and vector for CVE-2017-6290, and added Android security information |
| 1 | June 28, 2018 | Initial release |
### Support


If you have any questions about this security bulletin, contact [NVIDIA Support](http://www.nvidia.com/object/support.html).


##### Disclaimer


ALL NVIDIA INFORMATION, DESIGN SPECIFICATIONS, REFERENCE BOARDS, FILES, DRAWINGS, DIAGNOSTICS, LISTS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS (TOGETHER AND SEPARATELY, “MATERIALS”) ARE BEING PROVIDED “AS IS.” NVIDIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


Information furnished is believed to be accurate and reliable. However, NVIDIA Corporation assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information or for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties that may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of NVIDIA Corporation. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. NVIDIA Corporation products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of NVIDIA Corporation.










Is this answer helpful?
-----------------------



Yes
No







Answers others found helpful
----------------------------


* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4613/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV – October 2018](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4704/related/1)
* [Security Notice: CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4609/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Driver Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4611/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA GeForce Experience – March 2019](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4784/related/1)








