

Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV – October 2018
==================================================




 Updated 09/29/2021 01:09 PM



NVIDIA has released a software security update for SHIELD TV. This update addresses issues that may lead to information disclosure or escalation of privileges. To protect your system, download and install this software update.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Go to [NVIDIA Product Security](http://www.nvidia.com/product-security/).
-------------------------------------------------------------------------






---




### Details


This section summarizes the potential impact that this security update addresses. Descriptions use [CWE™](https://cwe.mitre.org/), and base scores and vectors follow [CVSS V3](https://www.first.org/cvss/user-guide) standards.


| CVE | Description | Base Score | Vector |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------:|:------------------------------------|
| CVE‑2017‑6289 | NVIDIA SHIELD TV contains a vulnerability in the Tegra kernel driver which could enable a local malicious application to execute arbitrary code within the Trusted Execution Experience (TEE) and lead to escalation of privileges. | 7.8 | AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H |
| CVE‑2017‑6293 | NVIDIA SHIELD TV contains a vulnerability in the Tegra kernel driver which could enable a local malicious application to execute arbitrary code within the Tegra X1 TrustZone (TZ) and lead to escalation of privileges. | 7.8 | AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H |
| CVE‑2017‑5715 | NVIDIA SHIELD TV contains a vulnerability in the Tegra kernel driver which could enable a local malicious application to execute arbitrary code within the Trusted Little Kernel (TLK) and lead to information disclosure. | 5.3 | AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N |
| CVE‑2018‑6246 | NVIDIA SHIELD TV contains a vulnerability in the Tegra kernel driver where a possible out-of-bounds write due to missing bounds checks could lead to escalation of privileges to the TrustZone (TZ) with system execution privileges needed. | 5.3 | AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N |
SHIELD TV includes the Android™ security updates up to the Android Security Patch level 2018-07-01. For more information about what is included in Android security patch levels, refer to the [Android Security Bulletins](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin).


The NVIDIA risk assessment is based on an average of risk across a diverse set of installed systems and may not represent the true risk of your local installation. NVIDIA recommends consulting a security or IT professional to evaluate the risk to your specific configuration.


### Security Updates


The following table lists the software products and versions affected, and the updated versions that include this security update.


Download the updates from **Settings**>**About**>**System update**.


| Software Product | Operating System | Affected Versions | Updated Versions |
|:-------------------|:-------------------|:----------------------------------|:------------------------------|
| SHIELD TV | Android O | SHIELD Experience 7.0 and earlier | SHIELD Experience Upgrade 7.1 |
**Notes**


* Affected versions include the versions listed and all earlier branches and releases.
* If you are using an unsupported version or an earlier unsupported branch, upgrade to the latest supported version. To identify products that are no longer supported, contact [NVIDIA Support](http://www.nvidia.com/object/support.html).


### Mitigations


None. See [Security Updates](#security-updates) for the versions to install.


### Acknowledgements


None.


### Get the Most Up to Date Product Security Information


Visit the [NVIDIA Product Security](http://www.nvidia.com/product-security/) page to


* Subscribe to security bulletin notifications
* See the current list of NVIDIA security bulletins
* Report a potential vulnerability in any NVIDIA supported product
* Learn more about the vulnerability management process followed by the NVIDIA Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT)


### Revision History


| Revision | Date | Description |
|-----------:|:-----------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.1 | November 6, 2018 | Replaced "has" with "contains" in the Details section for each CVE description. |
| 1 | October 16, 2018 | Initial release |
### 


### Support


If you have any questions about this security bulletin, contact [NVIDIA Support](http://www.nvidia.com/object/support.html).


##### Disclaimer


ALL NVIDIA INFORMATION, DESIGN SPECIFICATIONS, REFERENCE BOARDS, FILES, DRAWINGS, DIAGNOSTICS, LISTS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS (TOGETHER AND SEPARATELY, “MATERIALS”) ARE BEING PROVIDED “AS IS.” NVIDIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


Information furnished is believed to be accurate and reliable. However, NVIDIA Corporation assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information or for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties that may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of NVIDIA Corporation. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. NVIDIA Corporation products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of NVIDIA Corporation.










Is this answer helpful?
-----------------------



Yes
No







Answers others found helpful
----------------------------


* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV Software Security Updates for Multiple Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4682/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Jetson TX2 L4T Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4617/related/1)
* [Security Notice: CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4609/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Driver Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4611/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA SHIELD TV Security Updates for CPU Speculative Side Channel Vulnerabilities](/app/answers/detail/a_id/4613/related/1)








