

Security Notice: NVIDIA Response to OpenSSL Vulnerabilities - November 2022
===========================================================================




 Updated 11/30/2022 02:40 PM



This notice is a response to the OpenSSL vulnerabilities detailed in CVE‑2022‑3786 and CVE‑2022‑3602.


Go to [NVIDIA Product Security](https://www.nvidia.com/security/).






---




### Update November 30, 2022:


NVIDIA can confirm that none of its products are affected by these vulnerabilities.


### November 1, 2022:


NVIDIA is aware of these vulnerabilities and is thoroughly evaluating its systems’ software to determine their potential impact and relevance to its products and services. NVIDIA is taking appropriate steps to reduce any potential impact and release necessary fixes. As the situation develops, NVIDIA will continue to evaluate exposure across its portfolio of products.


This page will be updated when any additional information regarding this issue becomes available. Please actively monitor this page for information about affected products and available mitigations or updates.


### Revision History


| Revision | Date | Description |
|-----------:|:------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.1 | November 30, 2022 | Added a statement that no NVIDIA products are affected. |
| 1 | November 1, 2022 | Initial release |
##### Disclaimer


ALL NVIDIA INFORMATION, DESIGN SPECIFICATIONS, REFERENCE BOARDS, FILES, DRAWINGS, DIAGNOSTICS, LISTS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS (TOGETHER AND SEPARATELY, “MATERIALS”) ARE BEING PROVIDED “AS IS.” NVIDIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


Information is believed to be accurate and reliable at the time it is furnished. However, NVIDIA Corporation assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information or for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties that may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of NVIDIA Corporation. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. NVIDIA Corporation products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of NVIDIA Corporation.










Is this answer helpful?
-----------------------



Yes
No







Answers others found helpful
----------------------------


* [Security Notice: NVIDIA Response to Security Incident - March 2022](/app/answers/detail/a_id/5333/related/1)
* [Security Notice: NVIDIA Response to Ripple20 - June 2020](/app/answers/detail/a_id/5033/related/1)
* [Security Notice: NVIDIA Response to Cisco Talos Report - July 2020](/app/answers/detail/a_id/5044/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA GPU Display Driver - August 2022](/app/answers/detail/a_id/5383/related/1)
* [Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier Series, Jetson Xavier NX, Jetson TX1, Jetson TX2 Series (including Jetson TX2 NX) - April 2022](/app/answers/detail/a_id/5343/related/1)








